This is my last chance for you.
Kowtow to my Li family's 49 barrels and apologize
While I can think about it
zoom in
Boy, do you want the city lord or search for you?
A wild dog is also worthy of knowing the city lord
Why don't you say you know God?
We are backed by the four major families of India
Do you know what kind of existence you are fighting against?
Why haven't you thought about it?
Why is the Shen family known as the head of the four major families?
But there was no news overnight
A minute passed
Don't fake it, fake it and let it act
With your humble means
Who are you scaring?
I suggest calling the Superintendent of Police
Break this kid's hands and feet
Hand it over to the four major families
Yes, the mourning hall was burned together
Who has the guts?
Can't escape
This is the guy.
Let's cut ourselves off
And a place like us that doesn't shit
kowtow and apologize
Boy, you are so brave
Do you really not take my subjects seriously?
I asked you to handle these lines
Talk about the situation
Wait for me to open your dog eyes and see clearly
Du Jialan, why don't you kneel when you see God Shuai?
Mr. Chen paid homage to God
Lord Cheng Liu
How do you give this wild dog
Kneel down with that stinky woman
We are about to give this pot to the Shen family
roll
Why don't you sell it when you see Mr. Chen?